[docs] update examples for update-observer (#19332)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/admin/configuration/platform-scaling/control-plane/UPDATING_AND_VERSIONING.md

- **Node progress**: How many nodes have been updated and the total count.
- **Target and current version**: The desired version from configuration and the actual state during the update.
- **Version mismatch**: If any components are running a version different from the target (including newer than desired).

> - **Version lists**: `supportedVersions` lists Kubernetes minor versions supported in the current Deckhouse release; `availableVersions` lists versions that can be selected for upgrade or downgrade in *this* cluster (the set is limited by the highest minor version ever installed on the cluster and by the rule that downgrade proceeds one minor at a time); `automaticVersion` is the minor version that will be used when the update mode is Automatic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Version lists**:
  - `supportedVersions`: Lists minor Kubernetes versions supported in the current DKP release.
  - `availableVersions`: Lists versions that can be selected for upgrade or downgrade in the *current* cluster. The set is limited by the highest minor version ever installed on the cluster and by the rule that downgrade proceeds one minor at a time.
  - `automaticVersion`: Minor version that will be used when the update mode is `Automatic`.
```

During `ControlPlaneUpdating`, `status.progress` reflects overall upgrade progress across intermediate minor versions. For a multi-hop upgrade (for example, 1.33 → 1.35), the percentage increases as each hop completes, not only when every control plane component reaches the final target.

> Minor versions in the ConfigMap (`spec`, `status`, and metadata labels such as `k8s-version` and `max-k8s-version`) use the same string format as in ClusterConfiguration—without a `v` prefix (e.g. `"1.33"`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minor versions in the ConfigMap (`spec`, `status`, and metadata labels such as `k8s-version` and `max-k8s-version`) use the same string format as in ClusterConfiguration, meaning without a `v` prefix (for example, `"1.33"`).
```

    cause: downgradeK8s
    lastReconciliationTime: "2026-02-02T11:41:55Z"
    lastUpToDateTime: "2026-02-02T11:09:59Z"
  creationTimestamp: "2026-01-16T16:48:45Z"
  labels:
    heritage: deckhouse
    k8s-version: "1.33"
    max-k8s-version: "1.33"
  name: d8-cluster-kubernetes
  namespace: kube-system
  resourceVersion: "21388343"
  uid: ba981996-f737-469c-9ce1-53aa46135994
```

#### Intermediate step of a multi-hop upgrade (e.g. 1.33 → 1.35)

> The target version in configuration may be several minors ahead of the cluster’s current minor. `status.currentVersion` follows the active minor step, while individual components can temporarily run different minors during a hop. `progress` reflects how much of the overall path (including intermediate minors) is done—so it can be well above 0% before the final target is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the configuration, the target Kubernetes version may be several minor versions ahead of the current cluster version. In this case, the upgrade is performed step by step through intermediate minor versions.

The `status.currentVersion` field reflects the current upgrade step (the active minor version the cluster is being brought to at the moment). Within a single step, individual control plane components may temporarily run different minor versions.

The `progress` field reflects the entire upgrade path, including intermediate versions. Therefore, its value can be significantly greater than 0% even before all components reach the target version.
```
